Hi Guys welcome back to spider I hope you had the chance to play around to get familiar with this idea
as you can see I started my implementation by adding the following titles so I put that in the common
because this won't be executed.
And to add a comment in Python you just need to start the line of code with the hash tag.
So artificial intelligence for business and we are in our first case study optimizing warehouse flows
with Kulemin and we're going to start our implementation with two first very important code sections.
First one where we'll import the libraries that we'll use for this case study to build our AI solution
and we'll only use one library which will be done by library and then a second section 7 code section
and I highly recommend to include this code section at the beginning of your implementation.
That's the code section where you gather all the parameters of your implementation and you choose their
value.
You know that's usually how we do things.
When building a deep learning model or solution we set the parameters at the beginning of our implementation.
So let's do this let's start by importing the libraries.
Well it's going to be very easy.
We only have to import the by library which will allow us to work easily with arrays and easily with
mathematical operations and to import a library and by then we simply need to start with import import
command.
Then we add the name of the library which is non-pay.
And since we're going to call them by many times in implementation we're going to use a shortcut just
for simplicity purposes and the shortcut name will be the classic N.P. shortcut and add a shortcut in
Python.
You just need to add here after your import as.
And then the name of your shortcut so that when we called them by library we don't have to type and
by we can just type and that's it.
That's all we'll need with regard to libraries for children.
Perfect.
And now let's set the parameters of this implementation since we're dealing with learning.
We only have two important parameters.
Indeed if I show you again the Q learning algorithm the whole learning algorithm Well you can see that
in this algorithm we only have two parameters.
The first one is gamma discount factor in the temporal difference and the second one is alpha.
The learning rate in the ultimate curin equation which is the bellmen equation.
So these are the only parameters of the current algorithm and that's what we have to set and choose
value.
In this first introductory code section of this implementation.
So let's do this let's first choose a value for the discount factor called gamma and the value we're
going to choose.
That actually turns out to work very well for our AI solution is 0.75.
And now it's big developing for the other parameter.
The only other parameter for kerning which is the learning rate alpha alpha and Ruchi is the value zero
point nine.
The learning rate here doesn't have much impact on our AI solution but feel free to choose some other
values.
Basically the lower value choose the slower will be q learning and the higher value choose the faster
will be cooler.
All right.
So these are our two parameters and now we are ready to start the core of our implementation.
And so I structure this implementation in three parts.
Part 1 defining the environment part to building the solution with Q learning and training it with new
learning.
And part 3 going into production.
So let's start part 1 in the next tutorial and until then enjoy AI.